- Previously
on "Superman & Lois"...
- I've known about the double
mastectomy since day one.
What no one tells you,
though, is how long
until you feel normal again.
We may just be
cuddling for a while.
- You're all I ever need, babe.
- You and Bruno killed
Boss Moxie,
and you used Luthor
as your fall guy.
- Setting him free would be
the biggest mistake
of your life.
- Luthor has been in prison
for almost two decades,
no doubt stewing
over how to get even.
- You'd better retire.
- The evidence at the time
didn't support your story.
I got it wrong, and I'm s--
- I was innocent!
17 years of my life gone!
Tell Superman he's next.
- That thing down there,
it's alive.
- I want to see it for myself.
- [screaming]
- [snarling]
- It's been 32 days
since Lex Luthor was released
from prison
after serving 17 years
for a crime he didn't commit.
So the big question
we all undoubtedly have is,
what now?
After that kind of a setback,
who do you become?
[soft dramatic music]
Is it possible to pick up
where you left off?
Is it possible
to reinvent yourself?
Or is it more likely you just
stay who you were before?
Only time will tell.
But one thing's for sure.
All the world,
including me, is wondering,
what will Lex Luthor do next?
♪ ♪
- No one has seen
or heard from Luthor
since he showed up here.
- Well, he can't just vanish.
- I know. I know.
But wherever he is, I haven't
been able to find him.
- Maybe that's good news.
- Dad, he threatened me.
Told me to retire
from journalism,
or he would come back,
and I've published
a lot of articles since then.
- Luthor knows he'd have to go
through me and Superman
to hurt you,
and that's not gonna happen.
- Hey, Grandpa.
- Boys.
How's it feel to be
halfway through high school?
- Good.
- Fine.
- Goes fast, doesn't it?
- Not fast enough.
- Hey, are you two gonna
help set up
for the meteor shower
on Main Street?
- Uh, yeah, it's tomorrow.
- That was nice of you
to volunteer
to help Coach Gaines.
- Well, he does think
that Jon destroyed
his football program.
- Jordan, do you have
plans for the summer yet?
- I don't know. Not really.
- Okay, well, you're not
just gonna sit around here
moping the whole time.
- I'm not gonna be helping you
save people either, am I?
- No. No, you're not.
Hey, I didn't tell you
to pose for those photos.
I told you to go home.
This is on you.
♪ ♪
- How long do you plan
on keeping Jordan
from using his powers?
- That's completely up to him.
- I get it.
But as a parent
who made a lot of mistakes,
don't let that anger inside him
fester much longer.
♪ ♪
- Good morning.
- Can I just stay here for
the rest of the day, please?
- Look, I already made you
a spinach omelet, all right?
It's got some mushrooms
and some yellow peppers...
- Mm-mm, mm-mm.
- Red peppers.
- [retches]
[toilet flushes]
- Um, are you...
- Pregnant?
[gentle music]
Think so.
- Did you take a test?
- Last night.
- Huh.
Um...okay.
- Oh, God, I wasn't sure
how to tell you.
Like, we're not married.
We don't even live together.
I can only imagine
what you're thinking right now.
♪ ♪
- I'm thinking that--
I'm thinking that I love you,
and that this is--
this is the best thing
to happen to us
since the first time we kissed.
- I would do that with you
so much right now
if I hadn't just puked.
- [laughing]
Oh, crap.
We're, um--we're having a kid.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I'm sure.
You?
- Yeah.
I'm just wondering,
how do you want to tell Lana?
- This is a nice surprise.
- Yeah, got an alert
on your system,
so I just wanted to make sure
everything was okay.
- Hmm. Weird.
I didn't get one.
- It's probably nothing.
- I haven't seen you
around town for a bit.
- Had some things
to take care of at Argus
after the Mannheim situation.
- You know, um,
I never did thank you
for all you did during that.
- It was the least I could do.
- It was way more
than that, John.
Not only did you protect us,
but you also made me
a great meal.
- We should do that
again sometime.
- Are you asking me to dinner?
- Or drinks.
But it's no pressure.
- No.
No, no, no, not at all.
Yeah, drinks sound great.
[system chiming]
- Um, looks like
it was nothing.
- Hmm.
♪ ♪
- Hey, babe, I found our old
Del Portenza files.
I was thinking we could dig
through these at the "Gazette,"
see if we overlooked anything
when she took over LuthorCorp.
- Clark?
I think I'm ready.
- Ready for?
- For us.
- Okay. Are you sure?
- I don't want to be
afraid to be intimate.
I don't know how it's gonna go,
but I want to at least try.
- Right now?
- Right now.
- Right here?
- Not here.
- Where?
[whooshing]
[soft romantic music]
♪ ♪
- I'm nervous.
- You don't have to be.
♪ ♪
- Come on. We're gonna be late.
- All right, all right.
- Not going anywhere yet.
We have someone we want
to talk to you guys about.
- Oh, crap.
- This cannot be good.
- Yeah, you know what?
It's not good. It's not.
It's great.
We're taking a family trip.
- To Italy!
- [laughs]
- Are you serious?
- Your Uncle Tal has a villa
there that no one's using.
We thought it'd be
the perfect place for us.
- Wait, how do you even know
about that?
- The DOD found it.
- His lawyer told us about it.
The lawyers at the DOD.
Look, it's been
a tough year, okay,
with your mom's cancer
and everything going on
with Bruno and Luthor.
- Your dad and I thought
it'd be good
to just get away as a family,
take a break,
spend some time reconnecting.
- It feels like
you guys are trying
to bribe us to hang out.
- Yeah. And it's working.
- Okay, so we can talk about it
more at dinner tonight?
- Vicki May's, 6:00.
Don't be late.
Go.
- I'm excited.
- Me too.
[soft music]
They're not wrong
about us bribing them, though.
♪ ♪
- Hey.
You guys are back early.
- Hey, um, you got a sec?
- Yeah, of course.
Is everything okay?
- Dad's been acting weird,
and he won't say anything
about it.
- Um...
- You're not sick, are you?
- No. No, no, no.
It's nothing like that.
You know, it's--
um...
Chrissy's pregnant.
There's gonna be a--
there's gonna be a baby.
- [sighs]
Wow.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
It kind of surprised me too.
- Finally, I'm not
the baby anymore.
- Soph, shh.
- Look, Lana...
I know
you always wanted another,
and I just want you to know
that this was not planned
at all, okay?
- I'm happy for you.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Of course.
♪ ♪
Listen, you're a great dad,
and that baby is so lucky
to have you.
- Thanks, Lana.
That means a lot.
- All I ask is that you let me
spoil that baby rotten.
- I wouldn't have it
any other way.
- Yeah, I'm not so sure
about this one.
It's a little 1991
Wesley Snipes.
- What?
That's a bad thing? Please.
[knocking on door]
Come in.
- Ah, good.
I'm glad you're both here.
Lana doing
another clothing drive?
So there's been a development
at the DOD
regarding some of the gadgets
you've been making.
- What kind of development?
- We want more. A lot more.
And we'll foot the bill.
There is one caveat.
You'd have to set up
in Metropolis.
Brass is gonna want it
closer to headquarters.
- Wait, does this mean
I'd go to the DOD Academy?
- Where Mateo just enrolled?
Nat, we are not making
a decision this big
based on your feelings for him.
- Yeah, Dad, I know,
but this is huge.
We could finally open up
Steel Works.
- You have a lot to think over.
I'm gonna leave you to it.
Just so you know,
clock's ticking.
I'm gonna need an answer
by the end of the week.
♪ ♪
[upbeat percussive music]
- All right, ain't no time
like showtime!
Preparation meets opportunity.
Jimmy, you keep that team
under wraps, all right?
Hey, short stack, you better be
getting on that light bulb.
Come on now!
Let's go, let's go!
Chop, chop!
[whistle blows]
Come on, Kent!
Set up this rack,
and then you go find me
some more chairs.
- I'm gonna make you forgive me
for ruining
the football season, Coach.
- Oh, you talking
about the season
where we finally made
top ten at state?
And I was finally getting
some respect as a head coach?
Is that the season
you're talking about?
- Yes, sir.
I'm gonna make it up to you.
- Come on now.
Come on, Kent.
Chop, chop, chop, chop, chop!
Come on! Come on!
One, two! One, two!
You know that's never
gonna happen, right?
Yeah, you remember that when
you're picking up them chairs.
Now let's go!
You finish setting up
these rows!
- Hey.
God, I am so clumsy.
Never mind me.
So how's it going?
- Why do I feel like you're
about to tell us something?
- Lois Lane for the win.
Okay, here goes.
I am having a child.
- What?
- I mean, a baby.
I'm pregnant!
[squeals]
- Oh, my God.
Congrats. This is amazing.
[high-pitched warbling]
- You two are the first people
that I've told,
other than Kyle, of course.
I had to tell the baby daddy.
- This is so exciting!
We're gonna have a little baby
in the office.
Clark?
- Don't worry.
I promise not to have
the baby here all the time.
- No.
[laughs]
Chrissy, I'm so happy for you.
Um...
I'm so sorry.
Judge Regan's been murdered.
[ominous music]
[sirens wailing]
I know Mannheim was
blackmailing her for years.
You think he has
anything to do with this?
- This wasn't Mannheim.
♪ ♪
It was Luthor.
He's sending me a message.
- Luthor is going after
everyone he blames
for putting him in prison.
Judge Regan was just the first.
She's the one
who sentenced him.
- Hey, babe, don't worry.
- Clark, he's not just gonna
let this go.
Something's gonna happen.
- Not to you.
Your dad and I won't allow it.
- We have to have my dad
call Stryker's.
When Luthor showed up
at the farm,
he made that comment about
Warden Ellis being a friend.
- We will make sure he does
not get to Mannheim, okay?
Come on, we gotta get back
for dinner with the boys.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- Why are we sitting
all the way back here?
- Yeah, this kind of sucks.
- It's just Coach Gaines
messing with me.
- Boys.
I want you to meet Gretchen.
These are my grandsons,
Jordan, Jonathan,
and my granddaughter, Natalie.
- Wow.
It's so nice to meet you.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Nice to meet you.
- Jordan's the one who
showed me the Senior Swipe app.
Urged me to put myself
back out there.
- Mm, so it's you
I have to thank.
- More like the algorithm.
- So how long
have you two been...
- I don't like
to kiss and tell,
but we've been on a few dates.
- [laughs]
It took Samuel a bit to respond
after I liked his profile,
but I'm glad he did.
[both laugh]
- Shall I show you around?
- Oh, let's.
- Okay. Save us two seats.
I want to talk to you
some more about Metropolis
when we're back.
- Nice to meet you.
- Wait, what does he mean
about Metropolis?
- I didn't know how to react.
A baby, already?
- I mean, that's gotta be
tough for you.
- I mean, I am happy
for them, truly.
I honestly think Kyle and I,
we're better as friends
than we were as a couple.
You know, sometimes,
I felt like we were together
because of the history
we shared.
That was
the hardest part, actually,
about signing
the divorce papers,
was saying goodbye
to that history.
- I know what that's like.
- Here is to a new history.
- Yeah.
So about that,
Sam stopped by this morning,
offered me the opportunity
to create more tech
for the DOD.
- I thought that's what you do.
- It is.
But this would be
more official, full-scale.
Start my own company, even.
- Hey, that's amazing, John.
- Yeah, it is.
But Nat and I would need
to relocate to Metropolis.
- Soon?
- And I'm sorry, Lana.
If I would have known
about this yesterday...
I just wanted to be
upfront about it.
- You don't have to apologize.
And for the record,
I'm glad you asked me out.
- So am I.
[both laugh]
- You guys hear
that John Henry and Nat
might move to Metropolis?
- What?
- And Grandpa has a girlfriend?
- He met her on that dating app
that Jordan showed him.
She's coming
to that thing tonight.
- Okay. Good for him.
- You are the only person
in the world
capable of getting
your grandfather dating again.
Nice work.
- I'm a real hero.
- So we were thinking,
instead of spending
all that money on flights,
if we pack light enough,
maybe Jordan and I can just
get us there.
- But I thought you said
I can't use my--
- Talents. Your talents.
- I thought you said
I can't use my talents.
- No, we said not until
we told you it was okay.
- Wait, so I can use them
for some trip,
but not to save people's lives?
That makes no sense.
- Neither does using them
just so you can get attention.
- Ooh, Dad 1, Jordan 0.
- Jonathan.
- Sorry.
- Jordan, it's not
about whether or not
you use your talents.
It's about why
you're using them.
People knowing who you are,
getting your picture taken,
all that, it's not gonna fix
what you think it will.
Now, wanting to help people,
wanting to make a difference
in the world,
if that's your true north,
you'll never need
the other stuff.
- Can I get you guys
anything else?
Jenny went to go take her
daughter to the meteor shower.
- No, I'm good. Thanks, Sarah.
- I am stuffed.
- Not for me.
- Jordan?
- Don't bother.
- Okay, I'll ring you up,
whenever you're ready.
- She works there now,
but Lois is a real journalist,
as good as it gets.
She's not some blogger
who doesn't have any ethics.
- You're really proud of her.
- I am.
I should tell her that
more often.
[phone rings]
- You should.
- Sorry. It's my granddaughter.
We should go grab our seats.
Whoa.
- Or maybe something else.
- Mm.
- Come this way.
- We're gonna lose our seats.
What's gotten into you?
- This.
- I definitely want
to get back to this,
but I think they're gonna be
wondering where we are.
- It's still light out.
We've got lots of time.
[car door squeaks]
[tense music]
- Something I can do for you?
[taser zapping]
- Load him up.
Let's get back to Luthor.
- Okay, okay, so for the trip,
I was thinking
we all get
matching T-shirts made.
- Dad, please told me you're
not gonna go full Griswold.
- How about
instead of matching T-shirts,
we all just agree to take
a lot of photos together?
[microphone feedback whines]
- Testing, testing,
one, two, three.
- Great.
Coach Gaines is gonna need
my help on the PA system.
- I'm gonna go with you.
Jordan, stay here
with your dad.
- Wait, what is this about?
- We need to talk about Sarah.
- No way.
- Jordan. Jordan.
I know what it's like
to have your heart broken.
But it's not an excuse
to be mean to someone.
- It's not like that at all.
- Really?
'Cause it sure feels that way.
Look, sometimes,
when people are hurt,
they take a small thing
and they turn it
into a big thing.
And in my experience,
when you do that,
the person you wind up
hurting the most is yourself.
[soft music]
- I guess I just wanted her
to be as sad as I was.
But I just--I feel terrible
all the time
when I'm around her.
- It's been months.
Does it really
still feel that way?
- Maybe not as much.
- Good.
Because I want you
to go make things right.
Come on.
♪ ♪
[bell dings]
- I don't need any change.
You have every right
to hate me.
I was making up things
to be mad at you about,
when the real reason was
that we're not together.
♪ ♪
I'm sorry.
- Look, Jordan, thank you.
I appreciate your apology,
but I think it's pretty obvious
you and I shouldn't be friends
right now.
- Yeah.
I think I just need to figure
out my life right now.
Maybe do something like
what you're doing here.
- You're gonna become
a waitress?
- Maybe.
- [scoffs]
[scoffs]
Well...
I hope
that things do get better.
- Thanks.
♪ ♪
- [scoffs]
- Um...I'll see you around.
[soft rock playing]
- I always wondered
what it would be like
to live in Metropolis.
It seems so sophisticated.
- It's kind of like
everything else.
The reality is never
quite what you imagine.
- Was there really
something wrong
with my security system
yesterday?
- What, you think I made it up
just to ask you out?
- I don't hear you denying it.
- Okay, maybe I did need
the excuse
to work up the courage,
but it's been a long time.
♪ ♪
I mean, are you sure?
'Cause, I mean,
I'm moving to Metropolis.
- Guess I'm gonna have
to make you wish you weren't.
- ♪ I let you ♪
♪ Underneath my skin ♪
♪ 'Cause I really wanna ♪
♪ Feel something ♪
- Hey, have you guys
seen Grandpa?
- No, but I hear
he has a hot date.
- Yeah, he was supposed
to meet me 20 minutes ago,
and he stopped
answering his texts.
[ominous music]
[line ringing]
[high-pitched warbling]
[cell phone vibrating]
- Voicemail.
- His phone's in the alley.
- He would never just leave it.
This is Luthor.
- I'll see if I can find him.
♪ ♪
[cow groaning]
- Think this will
be enough, boss?
- Unless you want to be dinner
too, that's all it gets.
[cow mooing]
[cow shrieks]
- [snarling]
[crashing]
[growling]
- Lane taken care of?
- Won't be an issue.
- Now Superman is the only one
left to protect Lois.
Did you get what I asked for?
♪ ♪
Then it's time to go kill
the Man of Steel.
[flesh squelching]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- [growling]
[rat squeaking]
- How do you want to approach?
- [growls]
- [screaming]
- [snarling]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[gun zaps]
- [grunting]
[snarling]
- It ripped off my ear.
- Keep pressure on it.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- I thought
you killed that thing.
- [snarling]
- I did.
- [choking]
♪ ♪
[panting]
[snarls]
[gun zaps]
♪ ♪
- Come on.
You can do it.
♪ ♪
You're growing.
- [choking]
- Welcome back, friend.
[gun zaps]
[laughing]
♪ ♪
I told you, every time you die,
it just makes you stronger.
This is a gift.
A wonderful gift...
If you let me help you.
Can I kill you,
again and again?
Let me kill you,
so nothing in this world
can stop you,
ever.
Nothing.
Do you want that?
Do you?
[intense music]
♪ ♪
[Ministry's "N.W.O." playing]
[intense rock music]
♪ ♪
[gun whirring]
[gun blasting]
- ♪ I'm in love
without the tears of regret ♪
♪ Open fire 'cause I love it
to death ♪
♪ Sky high
with a heartache of stone ♪
♪ You'll never see me
'cause I'm always alone ♪
- [gasps]
♪ ♪
[gasps]
[burbling]
[chainsaw revving]
[roaring]
♪ ♪
- Stay with me.
We need more.
You need more.
We need more!
More!
[both screaming]
♪ ♪
- ♪ A new world order ♪
♪ A new world order ♪
♪ ♪
- [roars]
- ♪ A new world order ♪
♪ A new world order ♪
- [roaring]
[rubble clattering]
[intense music]
[growling]
♪ ♪
[snarling]
[roars]
- You've made this thing
indestructible.
- We're off to a good start.
- That's what
I'm talking about!
Whoo, yeah!
Without these
amazing kids' help,
we wouldn't have been able
to put this thing together.
Give these guys a little hand.
Come on now. All the kids.
[cheers and applause]
But hold up, hold up, hold up.
But I've got to give a special
shout-out to one individual,
whose hard work, whose tireless
effort and dedication,
cannot go unnoticed.
Jimmy Chan.
Where you at, Jimmy?
[cheers and applause]
- Yeah, Jimmy!
- Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy!
all: Jimmy! Jimmy!
[both laughing]
- Oh, oh.
- Right.
- Yeah. [clears throat]
We're mature.
[laughs] I think Nat's
probably gonna realize
I changed my shirt.
- Oh! Busted.
- This is gonna be
a meteor shower like no other.
This is a spectacular,
once in a lifetime
celestial event.
Let me tell you something.
We are so lucky to be--
- Um, um--
- Excuse me.
- Sorry. Do you mind?
Just--just a second.
- Sure.
- Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you, Coach.
Listen, y'all know
I love this town.
Right? I love the people in it.
I love my family.
But I also really love
that woman sitting right there.
She has made my life
so much better
in so many different ways.
So...
[feedback whines]
Without further ado...
[crowd gasping]
[excited chatter]
Will you marry me?
- Oh, my God.
- Yes?
- Yes.
[cheers and applause]
[soft music]
- She said yes, y'all!
♪ ♪
- [laughs]
- Mwah!
Oh, my goodness.
- Are you okay?
[high-pitched warbling]
[overlapping chatter]
[horns honking]
[sirens wailing]
[engine revving]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- There you are.
- I won't let you hurt Lois
or her family.
- They're not who
you should be worried about.
- Where's General Lane?
- I told Lois I was innocent,
that the case was built
on a lie.
- There's no way
she could have known.
- I told her.
She knew.
I went to her, and I told her.
But Lois didn't listen
because she didn't have to,
not with you and Lane
protecting her.
- You're not a martyr.
- And you're not a hero.
You're a fool with a cape,
a lapdog in tights.
- Where is General Lane?
- You ever think
about dying, Superman?
[device whirring]
Because you're about to.
[rumbling]
[rubble clattering]
- [growling]
[roaring]
[intense music]
♪ ♪
- What's he done to you?
- He's going to kill you,
unless you kill him.
- [snarling]
- Lois should have
taken my offer.
- [snarling]
- When you're done,
bring me his heart.
♪ ♪
- [snarling]
[crowd screaming]
- Don't!
- [snarling]
- Don't.
- [roaring]
♪ ♪
[grunting and growling]
[ice crackling]
♪ ♪
[steam whistling]
- [roaring]
[growling]
[crowd gasping, chattering]
- It's okay!
[soft music]
♪ ♪
It's okay.
[music darkens]
[heart thumping]
[Soundgarden's
"Blow Up the Outside World"]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Nothing ♪
♪ Seems to kill me ♪
- [snarls]
- ♪ No matter how hard I try ♪
- [growling]
- ♪ Nothing's closing
my eyes ♪
- [roaring]
- ♪ Nothing can beat me down ♪
♪ For your pain or delight ♪
[crowd screaming]
- [growling]
- ♪ I've given you
everything I need ♪
♪ I'd give you
everything I own ♪
♪ I'd give in if it could
at least be ours alone ♪
♪ I've given
everything I could ♪
♪ To blow it to hell
and gone ♪
♪ Burrow down in and blow up
the outside ♪
[hissing]
♪ Blow up the outside ♪
- [roars]
- ♪ Blow up
the outside world ♪
♪ ♪
- [panting]
- [growling]
♪ ♪
[crowd screaming]
- [coughing]
- [snarling]
♪ ♪
[roaring]
- ♪ And blow up the outside ♪
♪ Blow up the outside ♪
♪ Blow up the outside world ♪
[crowd murmuring]
[dramatic music]
- [snarling]
♪ ♪
[crowd screams]
- What's happening?
- I can't hear him
breathing anymore.
- Clark.
[echoing]
Clark.
♪ ♪
["Blow Up the Outside"]
- [roaring]
♪ ♪
[roaring]
[roars]
- ♪ Blow up the outside ♪
♪ Blow up the outside ♪
♪ Blow up the outside world ♪
- [growling]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Blow up the outside ♪
♪ Blow up the outside ♪
[heroic music]
♪ ♪
- Greg, move your head.